[Internal] Update AGENTS.md (#4110)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: AGENTS.md

- Commands are organized as **Typer groups** registered in `hf.py` (e.g. `app.add_typer(spaces_cli, name="spaces")`).
- Each module creates its app with `typer_factory(help="...")` and defines commands with `@app.command("name")`.
- Use **pipe-separated aliases**: `@app.command("list | ls")` registers both `list` and `ls`.
- Use standard **verb names**: `ls`/`list`, `info`, `create`, `set`, `delete`, `update`.
- For **sub-resources** with multiple operations, create a nested subgroup: `volumes_cli = typer_factory(...)` then `spaces_cli.add_typer(volumes_cli, name="volumes")` → gives `hf spaces volumes ls/set/delete`. See `repos.py` for examples (`tag_cli`, `branch_cli`).

**Reusable option types** (from `_cli_utils.py` — import and use these, don't reinvent):

- `TokenOpt`, `RepoIdArg`, `RepoTypeOpt`, `RevisionOpt` — standard auth/repo options.
- `SearchOpt`, `AuthorOpt`, `FilterOpt`, `LimitOpt` — list/search options.
- `FormatWithAutoOpt` / `FormatOpt` — output format (`auto|json|human|quiet|agent`).
- `VolumesOpt` + `parse_volumes()` — `-v`/`--volume` flag with `hf://[TYPE/]SOURCE:/MOUNT_PATH[:ro]` syntax.
- `get_hf_api(token=token)` — creates an `HfApi` instance with token.

> - `api_object_to_dict(obj)` — converts dataclass API objects to dicts for output.
> 
> **Output** (from `_output.py` — use the `out` singleton):
> 
> - `out.table(items)` — list results (auto-formats as padded table / TSV / JSON depending on `--format`).

Reviewer: I'd Add `stderr`/`stdout` convention here (not sure where so I'm putting here but I guess it doesn't matter 😄)
```suggestion
**Output** (from `_output.py` — use the `out` singleton):
Convention: stderr for prompts/warnings, stdout for data. Warnings go to stderr even in quiet/json modes.
- `out.table(items)` — list results (auto-formats as padded table / TSV / JSON depending on `--format`).
```

If CI fails on type checks that pass locally, the likely cause is a newer `ty` version or a `mypy`-only diagnostic. Fix the reported errors rather than downgrading the checker.

## Commits & PRs

- **Commit message prefix**: use `[Area]` prefix matching the scope, e.g. `[CLI] Add ...`, `[CLI] Fix ...`, `[Inference] ...`.
- **PR title**: short (under 70 chars), same `[Area]` prefix convention.

> - **PR description**: keep it casual. Include a `## Summary` with a few bullet points and real CLI/code **examples** from manual testing (copy-paste terminal output). No need for a formal "Test plan" section. It is important to document any decision taken in the PR or instructions provided in the prompt while working on the PR, ideally with the rational behind it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **PR description**: keep it casual. Include a `## Summary` with a few bullet points and real CLI/code **examples** from manual testing (copy-paste terminal output). No need for a formal "Test plan" section. Call out breaking changes explicitly if any. It is important to document any decision taken in the PR or instructions provided in the prompt while working on the PR, ideally with the rationale behind it.
```
